# SQL Database

```sql
INSERT INTO Animes (animeName, episode, releaseYear, [status], [rank], picture, summary, more, rating, watch, episodeWatched, upToDate)
```

```sql
VALUES
('7 seeds', '12',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/7 seeds.png',  'Imagine this: you are living a normal day in your life. Maybe you are out with friends, eating your family''s home-cooked meal or spending time with your girlfriend. When you next wake up, you are suddenly thrust into a strange, new world, surrounded by five strangers on a rapidly sinking boat in the middle of a storm. For Natsu Iwashimizu, this is her new reality. Humanity has perished, and all that remains of the Japanese population are five groups of men and women who were chosen to be sent to the future in hopes of continuing mankind''s existence. While every other person chosen has a useful talent such as martial arts, knowledge, or architecture, Natsu is a shy high school girl who cannot even raise her voice to shout. The new world is dangerous beyond imagination, and although Natsu seems to lack helpful skills, she must go with the others making their way to the "Seven Fuji" in order to survive.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('7 seeds 2', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/7 seeds 2.png',  'Second season of 7 Seeds.',  '', '3', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('A certain magical index', '24',  '2008',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain magical index.png',  'Academy City, Japan, is at the forefront of science. Besides being 30 years ahead of the world technologically, more than three-fourths of this peculiar city''s population consists of students developing their psychic abilities as espers in various institutions. Among these students is Touma Kamijou, a high school boy with the lowest psychic rank of zero, but with a mysterious power no scientist can understand: "Imagine Breaker," which allows him to negate other supernatural abilities. This, however, doesn''t affect Kamijou''s life in the least as he plays his role as a regular teenager; that is, until he meets the strange Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a young girl who has memorized the entirety of the forbidden grimoires, and now a dangerous organization is hunting Index down. With several magicians looking to harm the girl, Kamijou will defend his new companion at all costs as he discovers a strange new realm of the supernatural.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('A certain magical index 2', '24',  '2011',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain magical index 2.png',  'As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him.Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies'' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come.',  'Yes', '3', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('A certain magical index 3', '26',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain magical index 3.png',  'Touma Kamijou can''t catch a break. After the invasion of Academy City, political tensions continue to rise as both the science and magic factions collide head on. It appears that Academy City intends to declare war against the Roman Catholic Church, consequently plunging the whole world into global warfare. Touma soon finds himself on the front lines once again, striving to protect his friends and allies. Toaru Majutsu no Index III serves as the last installment of the original franchise as Touma, Accelerator, and the true Level 0 Shiage Hamazura continue their separate journeys, leading up to the final act of the original light novel series.',  '', '1', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('A certain scientific accelerator', '12',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain scientific accelerator.png',  'Academy City stands at the forefront of scientific and technological progress, best known for their development of espers: those capable of wielding superhuman abilities that alter the rules of reality. The most powerful among them are the Level 5s, and the one known as Accelerator reigns supreme, even after being weakened by a severe brain injury. By his side is the young girl known as Last Order, whom despite his cold demeanor, he holds closely and vows to protect at all costs.Though Accelerator may be recovering from his injury, the dark side of Academy City never rests, and so he finds himself unwillingly caught up in the midst of a new conflict. When a mysterious young woman approaches Accelerator in pursuit of Last Order, the highest-ranked esper is confronted by a venomous organization that has taken root in Anti-Skill, Academy City''s peacekeeping organization. With dangerous forces on the move that threaten to put Last Order and her sisters at risk, the self-proclaimed villain prepares to step into the darkness once again.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('A certain scientific railgun', '24',  '2009',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain scientific railgun.png',  'The student-filled Academy City is at the forefront of scientific advancement and home to the esper development program. The seven "Level 5" espers are the most powerful in Academy City, and ranked third among them is middle schooler Mikoto Misaka, an electricity manipulator known as "The Railgun." When strange incidents begin occurring throughout the city, she finds each crime to be connected to the elusive "Level Upper," a legendary device that allegedly increases the esper level of its user. As the situation escalates, it becomes apparent that there is more to the Level Upper than meets the eye, and that Academy City may be a far more twisted place than the glamorous utopia it appears to be.Toaru Kagaku no Railgun focuses on Mikoto and her friends-and the dangerous situations they find themselves in-as they get caught up in the matter of the Level Upper. As Mikoto says, "There''s never a dull moment in this city."',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('A certain scientific railgun s 2', '24',  '2013',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain scientific railgun s 2.png',  'Mikoto Misaka and her friends are back, investigating rumors across Academy City. Soon, Mikoto discovers something terrifying: horrific experiments are taking place throughout the city, involving the murder of thousands of espers. Moreover, these espers are far from just ordinary people: they are clones of Mikoto herself. Feeling responsible for their treatment, she sets off to put an end to the experiments; however, the forces opposing her are much more dangerous than she anticipated, and Mikoto finds herself up against some of the most powerful espers imaginable.Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S continues the story of the Railgun as she desperately fights to put an end to the inhuman experiments that she believes she helped cause, her life dragged deep into despair in the process. There''s never a dull moment in Academy City, but no one ever said all of them would be pleasant.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('A certain scientific railgun t 3', '25',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/A certain scientific railgun t 3.png',  'The Daihasei Festival has begun, and that of course means that Tokiwadai Middle School-a prestigious all-girls'' middle school-is competing too. Despite the participation of the "Ace of Tokiwadai," Mikoto Misaka, the other students who are participating are still putting their utmost effort into winning, no matter how impossible the feat may seem against her might.However, not all is fun and games. Due to the the festival, Academy City opens to the outside world, and various factions have begun plotting ways to infiltrate the city. Misaka appears to be on their radar, and as the festival proceeds, people lurking from the shadows begin to emerge...Toaru Kagaku no Railgun T brings back the Tokiwadai Ace and her friends as they dive deeper into the dark side of Academy City. From terrorist attacks to ruthless underground projects, anything is possible in this city.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Aho-girl', '12',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Aho-girl.png',  'Yoshiko Hanabatake is an idiot beyond all belief. Somehow managing to consistently score zeroes on all of her tests and consumed by an absurd obsession with bananas, her senseless acts have caused even her own mother to lose all hope. Only one person is up to the task of keeping her insanity in check: childhood friend Akuru "A-kun" Akutsu. Though he bemoans the ridiculous behavior he has to endure, the studious but terrifying A-kun is always ready to put an end to any stupidity Yoshiko gets up to, with no qualms about using physical force. Unfortunately, no matter how many times he attempts to knock some sense into her, the girl bounces right back to her usual shenanigans, even dragging in some other eccentrics along for the ride. Try as he might to rein in her nonsense, every moment is unpredictable with Yoshiko and her profound idiocy on the loose.',  'No', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Angel beats!', '13',  '2010',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Angel beats!.png',  'Otonashi awakens only to learn he is dead. A rifle-toting girl named Yuri explains that they are in the afterlife, and Otonashi realizes the only thing he can remember about himself is his name. Yuri tells him that she leads the Shinda Sekai Sensen (Afterlife Battlefront) and wages war against a girl named Tenshi. Unable to believe Yuri''s claims that Tenshi is evil, Otonashi attempts to speak with her, but the encounter doesn''t go as he intended. Otonashi decides to join the SSS and battle Tenshi, but he finds himself oddly drawn to her. While trying to regain his memories and understand Tenshi, he gradually unravels the mysteries of the afterlife.',  'No', '3', 'Watched', '13', ''),

('Anohana - the flower we saw that day', '11',  '2011',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Anohana - the flower we saw that day.png',  'Jinta Yadomi is peacefully living as a recluse, spending his days away from school and playing video games at home instead. One hot summer day, his childhood friend, Meiko "Menma" Honma, appears and pesters him to grant a forgotten wish. He pays her no mind, which annoys her, but he doesn''t really care. After all, Menma already died years ago. At first, Jinta thinks that he is merely hallucinating due to the summer heat, but he is later on convinced that what he sees truly is the ghost of Menma. Jinta and his group of childhood friends grew apart after her untimely death, but they are drawn together once more as they try to lay Menma''s spirit to rest. Re-living their pain and guilt, will they be able to find the strength to help not only Menma move on-but themselves as well?',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Another', '12',  '2012',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Another.png',  'In 1972, a popular student in Yomiyama North Middle School''s class 3-3 named Misaki passed away during the school year. Since then, the town of Yomiyama has been shrouded by a fearful atmosphere, from the dark secrets hidden deep within. Twenty-six years later, 15-year-old Kouichi Sakakibara transfers into class 3-3 of Yomiyama North and soon after discovers that a strange, gloomy mood seems to hang over all the students. He also finds himself drawn to the mysterious, eyepatch-wearing student Mei Misaki; however, the rest of the class and the teachers seem to treat her like she doesn''t exist. Paying no heed to warnings from everyone including Mei herself, Kouichi begins to get closer not only to her, but also to the truth behind the gruesome phenomenon plaguing class 3-3 of Yomiyama North.Another follows Kouichi, Mei, and their classmates as they are pulled into the enigma surrounding a series of inevitable, tragic events-but unraveling the horror of Yomiyama may just cost them the ultimate price.',  'No', '2', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Attack on titan', '25',  '2013',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Attack on titan.png',  'Centuries ago, mankind was slaughtered to near extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called titans, forcing humans to hide in fear behind enormous concentric walls. What makes these giants truly terrifying is that their taste for human flesh is not born out of hunger but what appears to be out of pleasure. To ensure their survival, the remnants of humanity began living within defensive barriers, resulting in one hundred years without a single titan encounter. However, that fragile calm is soon shattered when a colossal titan manages to breach the supposedly impregnable outer wall, reigniting the fight for survival against the man-eating abominations. After witnessing a horrific personal loss at the hands of the invading creatures, Eren Yeager dedicates his life to their eradication by enlisting into the Survey Corps, an elite military unit that combats the merciless humanoids outside the protection of the walls. Based on Hajime Isayama''s award-winning manga, Shingeki no Kyojin follows Eren, along with his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and his childhood friend Armin Arlert, as they join the brutal war against the titans and race to discover a way of defeating them before the last walls are breached.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '25', ''),

('Attack on titan 2', '12',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Attack on titan 2.png',  'For centuries, humanity has been hunted by giant, mysterious predators known as the Titans. Three mighty walls-Wall Maria, Rose, and Sheena-provided peace and protection for humanity for over a hundred years. That peace, however, was shattered when the Colossus Titan and Armored Titan appeared and destroyed the outermost wall, Wall Maria. Forced to retreat behind Wall Rose, humanity waited with bated breath for the Titans to reappear and destroy their safe haven once more.In Shingeki no Kyojin Season 2, Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again, their preparations are interrupted by the invasion of Wall Rose-but all is not as it seems as more mysteries are unraveled. As the Survey Corps races to save the wall, they uncover more about the invading Titans and the dark secrets of their own members.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Attack on titan final season', '16',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Attack on titan final season.png',  'Gabi Braun and Falco Grice have been training their entire lives to inherit one of the seven titans under Marley''s control and aid their nation in eradicating the Eldians on Paradis. However, just as all seems well for the two cadets, their peace is suddenly shaken by the arrival of Eren Yeager and the remaining members of the Survey Corps.Having finally reached the Yeager family basement and learned about the dark history surrounding the titans, the Survey Corps has at long last found the answer they so desperately fought to uncover. With the truth now in their hands, the group set out for the world beyond the walls.In Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season, two utterly different worlds collide as each party pursues its own agenda in the long-awaited conclusion to Paradis'' fight for freedom.',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Attack on titan season 3', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Attack on titan season 3.png',  'Still threatened by the "Titans" that rob them of their freedom, mankind remains caged inside the two remaining walls. Efforts to eradicate these monsters continue; however, threats arise not only from the Titans beyond the walls, but from the humans within them as well. After being rescued from the Colossal and Armored Titans, Eren Yaeger devotes himself to improving his Titan form. Krista Lenz struggles to accept the loss of her friend, Captain Levi chooses Eren and his friends to form his new personal squad, and Commander Erwin Smith recovers from his injuries. All seems well for the soldiers, until the government suddenly demands custody of Eren and Krista. The Survey Corps'' recent successes have drawn attention, and a familiar face from Levi''s past is sent to collect the wanted soldiers. Sought after by the government, Levi and his new squad must evade their adversaries in hopes of keeping Eren and Krista safe. In Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3, Eren and his fellow soldiers are not only fighting for their survival against the terrifying Titans, but also against the terror of a far more conniving foe: humans.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Attack on titan season 3 part 2', '10',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Attack on titan season 3 part 2.png',  'Seeking to restore humanity''s diminishing hope, the Survey Corps embark on a mission to retake Wall Maria, where the battle against the merciless "Titans" takes the stage once again. Returning to the tattered Shiganshina District that was once his home, Eren Yeager and the Corps find the town oddly unoccupied by Titans. Even after the outer gate is plugged, they strangely encounter no opposition. The mission progresses smoothly until Armin Arlert, highly suspicious of the enemy''s absence, discovers distressing signs of a potential scheme against them. Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 Part 2 follows Eren as he vows to take back everything that was once his. Alongside him, the Survey Corps strive-through countless sacrifices-to carve a path towards victory and uncover the secrets locked away in the Yeager family''s basement.',  'Yes', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Backflip!!', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Backflip!!.png',  'The story follows Shoutarou Futaba, a boy who''s fascinated with men''s rhythmic gymnastics and enrolled at the Ao High School to join the school''s team. The story follows a team of unique seniors and Yoshiya Misato, a classmate who''s famous in high school rhythmic gymnastics tournaments, who run together toward one goal.',  'No', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Banana fish', '24',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Banana fish.png',  'Aslan Jade Callenreese, known as Ash Lynx, was a runaway picked off the streets of New York City and raised by the infamous godfather of the mafia, Dino Golzine. Now 17 years old and the boss of his own gang, Ash gets his hands on a mysterious drug called "Banana Fish"-the same two words his older brother, Griffin, has muttered since his return from the Iraq War. However, his investigation is hindered when Dino sends his men to retrieve the drug from Ash at an underground bar he uses as a hideout. At the bar, Skip, Ash''s friend, introduces him to Shunichi Ibe and his assistant, Eiji Okumura, who are Japanese photographers reporting on American street gangs. However, their conversation is interrupted when Shorter Wong, one of Ash''s allies, calls to warn him about Dino. Soon, Dino''s men storm the bar, and in the ensuing chaos kidnap Skip and Eiji. Now, Ash must find a way to rescue them and continue his investigation into Banana Fish, but will his history with the mafia prevent him from succeeding?',  'No', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Battle game in 5 seconds', '12',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Battle game in 5 seconds.png',  'It was just a usual morning.Akira Shiroyanagi, a high schooler who loves games and Konpeito (Japanese sweets), has suddenly been dragged into a battlefield by a mysterious girl who calls herself Mion. The participants are told that they are "erased from the family register, involved in an experiment, and gained certain powers."Akira is determined to win the game with his newfound powers and destroy the organization. Armed with a power no one expects and his "brain" skills, the new period of intelligence battle begins!',  '', '4', 'Watching', '10', '14/09/2021 22:00:40'),

('Beelzebub', '60',  '2011',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Beelzebub.png',  'Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule-don''t cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama''s most vicious fighter. One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga''s back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn''t know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short-the son of the Demon Lord! As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn''t enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel''s demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel-although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine.',  'No', '3', 'Watched', '60', ''),

('Black bullet', '13',  '2014',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Black bullet.png',  'In the year 2021, a parasitic virus known as "Gastrea" infects humans and turns them into monsters. What is left of mankind now lives within the Monolith walls, walls that are made of Varanium, the only material that can hurt Gastrea. To counter the threat that the Gastrea pose, "Cursed Children"-female children whose bodies contain trace amounts of the virus which grant them superhuman abilities-officially called Initiators by the Tendo Civil Security, are given partners called Promoters, people who work to guide and protect the young Initiators. These teams of two are sent out on missions to fight the monsters created by the Gastrea virus and keep them at bay. Black Bullet revolves around the team of Enju Aihara, an Initiator, and Satomi Rentaro, a Promoter, as they go on missions to fight the growing threat of Gastrea in their hometown of Tokyo.',  '', '', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Black clover', '170',  '2017',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Black clover.png',  'Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"-a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom-and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically.When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno''s Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno''s voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal-to become the Wizard King!',  '', '5', 'Watching', '153', ''),

('Burning kabaddi', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Burning kabaddi.png',  'First-year high schooler Tatsuya Yoigoshi, the former ace of a junior high school soccer team who has come to dislike sports, receives an invitation to join the Kabaddi club. Initially mocking the idea of Kabaddi, he takes an interest after watching an intense competition akin to martial arts at a practice session.',  'No', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Cells at work!', '13',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Cells at work!.png',  'Inside the human body, roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically 24 hours a day and 365 days a year. Fresh out of training, the cheerful and somewhat airheaded Red Blood Cell AE3803 is ready to take on the ever-so-important task of transporting oxygen. As usual, White Blood Cell U-1146 is hard at work patrolling and eliminating foreign bacteria seeking to make the body their new lair. Elsewhere, little platelets are lining up for a new construction project.Dealing with wounds and allergies, getting lost on the way to the lungs, and bickering with similar cell types, the daily lives of cells are always hectic as they work together to keep the body healthy!',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '13', ''),

('Cells at work! code black!', '13',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Cells at work! code black!.png',  'Alcohol, smoking, and stress-in the body subjected to these irritants, the cells responsible for maintaining life seem to fight a war that never ends. Due to a severe shortage of workers, Red Blood Cell AA2153 has to quickly learn to deliver oxygen and collect carbon dioxide, even in dangerous conditions. Meanwhile, White Blood Cell U-1196 has to do her part by dealing with germs and viruses during life-threatening situations. In the midst of these crises, they have to work together to keep the body healthy, despite not knowing if their sacrifices will be worthwhile.Hataraku Saibou Black takes a different approach by showing the grittier side of the jobs our cells perform.',  '', '2', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Cells at work!!', '8',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Cells at work!!.png',  'The cells of the human body never rest for too long; there''s always something new to do and learn every day. At least, that''s what Hakkekkyuu U-1146 feels as he rushes to and fro, searching for any pathogens that could cause harm to the body. Despite his dangerous line of work, it''s all worth it to protect the happy smiles of Sekkekkyuu AE3803, the platelet crew, his fellow neutrophils, and the other cells he meets along the way.In his latest pathogen-hunting adventures, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 discovers how important cells can sometimes make mistakes, and that not all bacteria are actually bad. Everybody has their bad days, but everything eventually works out when their comrades have their backs. In the end, it''s just another normal day for these hardworking cells!',  'Yes', '3', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Chainsaw man', '0',  '0',  '',  '0',  '/Animes/Chainsaw man.png',  '',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Clannad', '23',  '2008',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Clannad.png',  'Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he''ll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Youhei Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away. One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself. Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya''s attention. He soon discovers the girl''s name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing. However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school. Eventually he concedes and befriends her. Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school''s drama club. Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls. As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems. As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn''t as dull as he once thought.',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Combatants will be dispatched!', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Background/Combatants will be dispatched!.png',  'As a chief operative of the villainous Kisaragi Corporation, Sentouin Roku-gou receives orders to help the organization conquer the entire known universe. Tasked with infiltrating the kingdom of Grace-a mission that could change the fate of the world-Roku-gou mistakenly believes that his skills as a combatant are superb, fuelling his arrogant attitude. To ensure the success of the mission, Alice Kisaragi, an exceptional android with a youthful appearance named after the company itself, is assigned to be Roku-gou''s travel companion.Upon their arrival at the outskirts of the kingdom, Alice and Roku-gou encounter Snow, the commander of the country''s royal guard. Snow leads the pair to a broken legendary artifact, and Roku-gou seizes the opportunity for a long-awaited promotion at his company and changes the recitation for the sacred ritual to an embarrassing phrase. As punishment, the princess of the kingdom forces Roku-gou to become an honorary knight, fulfilling part of his mission. Having infiltrated the kingdom''s inner circle, Roku-gou must now help his new employer fight against the Demon Lord''s Army, all while perpetuating evil deeds as a combatant of the Kisaragi Corporation.',  'No', '2', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Dr. slump - arale-chan', '201',  '1981',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Dr. slump - arale-chan.png',  'Dr. Slump creates a little android girl, Arale, who is very stong, happy, and totally common senseless. They live in Penguin Village where the strangest things happen (e.g., the dawn is announced by a little pig wearing a basquee).',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Dr. stone', '24',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Dr. stone.png',  'After five years of harboring unspoken feelings, high-schooler Taiju Ooki is finally ready to confess his love to Yuzuriha Ogawa. Just when Taiju begins his confession however, a blinding green light strikes the Earth and petrifies mankind around the world-turning every single human into stone. Several millennia later, Taiju awakens to find the modern world completely nonexistent, as nature has flourished in the years humanity stood still. Among a stone world of statues, Taiju encounters one other living human: his science-loving friend Senkuu, who has been active for a few months. Taiju learns that Senkuu has developed a grand scheme-to launch the complete revival of civilization with science. Taiju''s brawn and Senkuu''s brains combine to forge a formidable partnership, and they soon uncover a method to revive those petrified. However, Senkuu''s master plan is threatened when his ideologies are challenged by those who awaken. All the while, the reason for mankind''s petrification remains unknown.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Dr. stone - stone wars 2', '11',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Dr. stone - stone wars 2.png',  'Senkuu has made it his goal to bring back two million years of human achievement and revive the entirety of those turned to statues. However, one man stands in his way: Tsukasa Shishiou, who believes that only the fittest of those petrified should be revived.As the snow melts and spring approaches, Senkuu and his allies in Ishigami Village finish the preparations for their attack on the Tsukasa Empire. With a reinvented cell phone model now at their disposal, the Kingdom of Science is ready to launch its newest scheme to recruit the sizable numbers of Tsukasa''s army to their side. However, it is a race against time; for every day the Kingdom of Science spends perfecting their inventions, the empire rapidly grows in number.Reuniting with old friends and gaining new allies, Senkuu and the Kingdom of Science must stop Tsukasa''s forces in order to fulfill their goal of restoring humanity and all its creations. With the two sides each in pursuit of their ideal world, the Stone Wars have now begun!',  '', '5', 'Watched', '11', ''),

('Edens zero', '25',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Edens zero.png',  'All his life, Shiki has been surrounded by machines. At Granbell Kingdom, a long-abandoned amusement park, he is the only one of his kind around. That is, until Rebecca Bluegarden and her feline companion Happy arrive, unaware that they are Granbell''s first visitors in one hundred years. Their goal is to make fun videos for their B-Cube channel, but what they find instead is a friend in the socially awkward Shiki.When Granbell becomes too dangerous for the three of them, they set off on an adventure through the Sakura Cosmos. They hope to make more interesting videos and even find the elusive goddess Mother, while Shiki wants to make more friends, spurred on by the words of his late grandfather. Of course, the journey will not be easy, as no one has seen Mother before, but Shiki is determined to reach his goal and explore the boundless reaches of space together with his new friends.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Fire force', '24',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Fire force.png',  'Spontaneous Human Combustion: a chaotic phenomenon that has plagued humanity for years, randomly transforming ordinary people into flaming, violent creatures known as Infernals. While Infernals make up the first-generation accounts of Human Combustion, the second and third generations became known as pyrokinetics-people gifted with the ability to manipulate and control their flames while remaining human. To combat the Infernal threat and discover the cause, the Tokyo Armed Forces, Fire Defense Agency, and Holy Church of Sol produced their answer: the Special Fire Force. Young and eager third-generation pyrokinetic Shinra Kusakabe, nicknamed Devil''s Footprints for his explosive ability to ignite his feet at will, becomes a member of the lively Special Fire Force Company 8. Upholding the brigade''s duty to extinguish the blazing Infernals and lay their souls to rest, Shinra is determined to become a hero who will save the lives of those threatened by the flame terror. However, this is not the hero''s game Shinra imagined. The Fire Force is a fractured mess of feuding brigades, abnormal Infernal sightings are increasing all over Tokyo, and a shadowy group is claiming to have answers to the strange fire that caused the death of Shinra''s family 12 years ago. Faced with many obstacles within and outside the Fire Force, Shinra fights to uncover the truth behind the burning mysteries that have kept him in the dark.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Fire force 2', '24',  '3030',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Fire force 2.png',  'After his confrontation in the Nether with his younger brother Shou, Shinra Kusakabe''s resolve to become a hero that saves lives from the flame terror strengthens. Finding a way to turn the Infernals back into people, unraveling the mystery of the Evangelist and Adolla Burst, and saving his mother and Shou-these are the goals Shinra has in mind. However, he has come to realize that attaining these goals will not be easy, especially with the imminent danger the Evangelist poses.The Evangelist''s plan is clear: to gather the eight pillars-the individuals who possess Adolla Burst-and sacrifice them to recreate the Great Cataclysm from 250 years ago. Having been revealed by the First Pillar that the birth of a new pillar is approaching, Shinra is determined to protect his fellow pillars from the Evangelist. Thus, the fiery battle between the Special Fire Force and the Evangelist ignites. Together with the Special Fire Force, Shinra''s fight continues as he uncovers the truth about the Great Cataclysm and the nature of Adolla Bursts, as well as the mysteries behind human combustion.',  '', '4', 'Watching', '23', ''),

('Food wars! shokugeki no soma', '24',  '2015',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! shokugeki no soma.png',  'Ever since he was a child, fifteen-year-old Souma Yukihira has helped his father by working as the sous chef in the restaurant his father runs and owns. Throughout the years, Souma developed a passion for entertaining his customers with his creative, skilled, and daring culinary creations. His dream is to someday own his family''s restaurant as its head chef. Yet when his father suddenly decides to close the restaurant to test his cooking abilities in restaurants around the world, he sends Souma to Tootsuki Culinary Academy, an elite cooking school where only 10 percent of the students graduate. The institution is famous for its "Shokugeki" or "food wars," where students face off in intense, high-stakes cooking showdowns. As Souma and his new schoolmates struggle to survive the extreme lifestyle of Tootsuki, more and greater challenges await him, putting his years of learning under his father to the test.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Food wars! the fifth plate', '13',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! the fifth plate.png',  'Fifth season of Shokugeki no Souma.',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '0', ''),

('Food wars! the fourth plate', '12',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! the fourth plate.png',  'At Tootsuki Culinary Academy, a heated eight-on-eight Shokugeki known as the Régiment de Cuisine rages on between Central and the rebel forces led by Souma Yukihira and Erina Nakiri. Though they won a stunning perfect victory in the first bout, the rebels face an uphill battle ahead, as they must now face off against the rest of the Elite Ten Council. With the future of Tootsuki at stake, Souma and Erina must push far beyond the limits of their abilities, using everything they learned from their mentors and ultimately drawing from their experiences cooking together as friends.',  'Yes', '5', 'To Watch', '0', ''),

('Food wars! the second plate', '13',  '2016',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! the second plate.png',  'The qualifiers of the Autumn Elections are now over, and only eight talented chefs remain. Now, they face off in one-on-one food wars, each with their own unique themes. Met with both new judges and new opponents all with their own specialties, Souma must stay on his toes if he hopes to make it to the top of both the Autumn Elections and Tootsuki Culinary Academy.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '13', ''),

('Food wars! the third plate', '12',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! the third plate.png',  'The Moon Festival is Tootsuki Academy''s annual gourmet gala, where students compete against each other to earn the most profit through selling their cuisine of choice. But for Souma Yukihira, it is also his first opportunity to challenge the Elite Ten, the supreme council that rules over the academy. However, this is only the beginning of Souma''s war against the Elite Ten; a nefarious plot is underway that will provide Souma with the challenge he desires but will also shake the very foundations of Tootsuki Academy itself.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Food wars! the third plate - totsuki train arc', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Food wars! the third plate - totsuki train arc.png',  'A dark age of cooking befalls Tootsuki Culinary Academy. With the Elite Ten''s devastating coup d''état, Azami Nakiri is now the director of the prestigious school. Students must now conform to Azami''s ideology of "true gourmet food" and are forbidden to express creativity, or else face expulsion. However, Souma Yukihira and the members of the Polar Star Dormitory refuse to accept these changes. Aided by other rebellious first-years, including the tenth seat, Erina Nakiri, Souma and his allies band together to fight off supporters of Azami''s regime. But corrupt instructors and the menacing Central organization stand in their way, and so they must work together, harder than ever before, to survive every underhanded plot designed to banish them from the school.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Gintama', '150',  '2006',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Gintama.png',  'The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence. However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences. Who said life as an errand boy was easy?',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Golden kamuy', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Golden kamuy.png',  'In Hokkaido, the far northern lands of Japan, Sugimoto survived the Russo-Japanese war of the Meiji era. Nicknamed "Sugimoto the Immortal" during the war, he now seeks the riches promised by the gold rush in hopes of saving the widowed wife of his now deceased comrade from the war. During his hunt of gold, he finds hints of a hidden stash of gold by corrupt criminals. Partnering with an Ainu girl that saves his life from the harsh climates of the north, they venture into a survival adventure to race against the criminals that seek the hidden stash.(Source: MangaUpdates).',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Golden kamuy 2', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Golden kamuy 2.png',  'In Hokkaido, it is rumored that there is a stash of hidden gold. This gold was supposedly stolen by a man who killed the original Ainu owners; and before being captured and imprisoned by the police, he hid it in a secret location. In order to relay the gold''s location to his comrades on the outside, he tattooed the map on the bodies of his cellmates and promised them a share of the gold-provided they managed to escape and find it.In Golden Kamuy 2nd Season, First Lieutenant Tokushirou Tsurumi plans to give the 7th Division an advantage in the war for the tattoos by getting a taxidermist to create skins that only he can distinguish as fake. Meanwhile, Saichi "The Immortal" Sugimoto, Asirpa, and their companions continue their hunt for the skins by following a strange rumor: a thief who broke into a home in Yubari found taxidermied human corpses, among which was a torso with strange tattoos.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Golden kamuy 3', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Golden kamuy 3.png',  'Third season of Golden Kamuy.',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('How a realist hero rebuilt the kingdom', '13',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/How a realist hero rebuilt the kingdom.png',  'O, Hero!When Kazuya Souma is unexpectedly transported to another world, he knows the people expect a hero. But Souma''s idea of heroism is more practical than most-he wants to rebuild the flagging economy of the new land he''s found himself in! Betrothed to the princess and abruptly planted on the throne, this realist hero must gather talented people to help him get the country back on its feet-not through war, or adventure, but with administrative reform!',  '', '5', 'Watching', '11', '14/09/2021 19:05:22'),

('I''m standing on a million lives', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/I''m standing on a million lives.png',  'Yotsuya Yuusuke along with his classmates Shindou Iu and Hakozaki Kusue have been transported to a strange and unknown world inhabited by mythological creatures. As soon as they arrive, they meet somebody calling himself the Game Master who then grants them a time-limited quest. To aid them in this quest, he also bestows Shindou and Hakozaki with the roles of a Magician and a Warrior while Yotsuya is randomly granted the role of... a Farmer?!This is how a hectic life of adventuring began for three students who now have no choice, but to complete random quests for several phases in the fantasy world if they want to stay alive and protect the real world from the demons and monsters they encounter.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('I''ve been killing slimes for 300 years and maxed out my level', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/I''ve been killing slimes for 300 years and maxed out my level.png',  'Suddenly dying from overwork, salarywoman Azusa Aizawa finds herself before an angel, who allows her to reincarnate into a new world as an immortal witch, where she spends her days killing slimes for money on an otherwise eternal vacation. But even the minimal experience points from slimes will add up after hundreds of years, and Azusa discovers that she accidentally reached the maximum level! Fearing that her strong abilities will attract work and force her back to a life of overexertion, she decides to hide her strength in order to preserve her peaceful lifestyle.Despite her efforts, tales of the max level "Witch of the Plateau" spread across the land, and a proud dragon named Raika shows up looking to test their strength against her. Even though Azusa defeats and befriends Raika, problems arise as both friends and foes come looking for the secluded witch.',  'No', '2', 'Watched', '', ''),

('I''m standing on a million lives season 2', '10',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/I''m standing on a million lives season 2.png',  'Second season of 100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru.',  '', '4', 'Watching', '10', ''),

('Inazuma eleven', '127',  '2008',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Inazuma eleven.png',  'While other schools in Japan compete for the title of being the best soccer team in the country, Raimon Middle School''s soccer club, Inazuma Eleven, struggles to rise from the verge of being disbanded. The grandson of Inazuma Eleven''s first generation goalkeeper and captain of the team, Mamoru Endou, takes the challenge of kicking the long neglected club back into shape. To do this, he''ll need a little help and more than a little luck. Mamoru Endou finds hope in the hands of Shuuya Gouenji, a brilliant young player who has given up on soccer. Mamoru is determined to get Shuuya and other new recruits to join his team, no matter what the cost. Is his passion and determination enough to treat the ailing club? Or is there no more hope for the team?',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon', '13',  '2015',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon.png',  'Life in the bustling city of Orario is never dull, especially for Bell Cranel, a naïve young man who hopes to become the greatest adventurer in the land. After a chance encounter with the lonely goddess, Hestia, his dreams become a little closer to reality. With her support, Bell embarks on a fantastic quest as he ventures deep within the city''s monster-filled catacombs, known only as the "Dungeon." Death lurks around every corner in the cavernous depths of this terrifying labyrinth, and a mysterious power moves amidst the shadows. Even on the surface, survival is a hard-earned privilege. Indeed, nothing is ever certain in a world where gods and humans live and work together, especially when they often struggle to get along. One thing is for sure, though: a myriad of blunders, triumphs and friendships awaits the dauntlessly optimistic protagonist of this herculean tale.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '13', ''),

('Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon 2', '12',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon 2.png',  'It is business as usual in the massive city of Orario, where legions of adventurers gather to explore the monster-infested "Dungeon." Among them is the easily flustered yet brave Bell Cranel, the sole member of the Hestia Familia. With the help of his demi-human supporter Liliruca Arde and competent blacksmith Welf Crozzo, Bell has earned the title of Little Rookie by becoming Orario''s fastest-growing adventurer thanks to his endeavors within the deeper levels of the Dungeon. Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka II continues Bell''s adventures as he tries to bring glory to his goddess and protect those he cares about. However, various familias and gods across the city begin to take notice of his achievements and attempt to add him to their ranks.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon 3', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon 3.png',  'Third season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.',  '', '3', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Jujutsu kaisen', '24',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Jujutsu kaisen.png',  'Idly indulging in baseless paranormal activities with the Occult Club, high schooler Yuuji Itadori spends his days at either the clubroom or the hospital, where he visits his bedridden grandfather. However, this leisurely lifestyle soon takes a turn for the strange when he unknowingly encounters a cursed item. Triggering a chain of supernatural occurrences, Yuuji finds himself suddenly thrust into the world of Curses-dreadful beings formed from human malice and negativity-after swallowing the said item, revealed to be a finger belonging to the demon Sukuna Ryoumen, the "King of Curses." Yuuji experiences first-hand the threat these Curses pose to society as he discovers his own newfound powers. Introduced to the Tokyo Metropolitan Jujutsu Technical High School, he begins to walk down a path from which he cannot return-the path of a Jujutsu sorcerer.',  '', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Magi - the kingdom of magic 2', '25',  '2013',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Magi - the kingdom of magic 2.png',  'After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt-a mysterious country ruled by magicians-to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin''s words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively.Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon...',  'No', '', '', '', ''),

('Magi - the labyrinth of magic', '25',  '2012',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Magi - the labyrinth of magic.png',  'Dispersed around the world, there are several bizarre labyrinths hiding incredible treasures within them. These mysterious places, known as "Dungeons," are said to be the work of Magi, a class of rare magicians, who also help people build their empires by guiding them to a dungeon. Djinns, supernatural beings that rule over the labyrinths, grant successful conquerors access to their immense power and choose them as potential king candidates to rule the world. Having spent life in isolation, Aladdin, a kind and young magician, is eager to explore the world upon finally leaving his home behind. He begins his journey only accompanied by his mentor Ugo-a djinn that Aladdin can summon with his flute. However, Aladdin soon becomes friends with the courageous Alibaba Saluja after causing the destruction of a local merchant''s supply cart. In order to pay for the damages, Alibaba suggests that they attempt to conquer the nearest dungeon, taking the first step in an epic adventure that will decide the fate of the world itself.',  'Yes', '', '', '', ''),

('March comes in like a lion', '22',  '2016',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/March comes in like a lion.png',  'Having reached professional status in middle school, Rei Kiriyama is one of the few elite in the world of shogi. Due to this, he faces an enormous amount of pressure, both from the shogi community and his adoptive family. Seeking independence from his tense home life, he moves into an apartment in Tokyo. As a 17-year-old living on his own, Rei tends to take poor care of himself, and his reclusive personality ostracizes him from his peers in school and at the shogi hall.However, not long after his arrival in Tokyo, Rei meets Akari, Hinata, and Momo Kawamoto, a trio of sisters living with their grandfather who owns a traditional wagashi shop. Akari, the oldest of the three girls, is determined to combat Rei''s loneliness and poorly sustained lifestyle with motherly hospitality. The Kawamoto sisters, coping with past tragedies, also share with Rei a unique familial bond that he has lacked for most of his life. As he struggles to maintain himself physically and mentally through his shogi career, Rei must learn how to interact with others and understand his own complex emotions.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '22', ''),

('March comes in like a lion 2', '22',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/March comes in like a lion 2.png',  'Now in his second year of high school, Rei Kiriyama continues pushing through his struggles in the professional shogi world as well as his personal life. Surrounded by vibrant personalities at the shogi hall, the school club, and in the local community, his solitary shell slowly begins to crack. Among them are the three Kawamoto sisters-Akari, Hinata, and Momo-who forge an affectionate and familial bond with Rei. Through these ties, he realizes that everyone is burdened by their own emotional hardships and begins learning how to rely on others while supporting them in return.Nonetheless, the life of a professional is not easy. Between tournaments, championships, and title matches, the pressure mounts as Rei advances through the ranks and encounters incredibly skilled opponents. As he manages his relationships with those who have grown close to him, the shogi player continues to search for the reason he plays the game that defines his career.',  '', '2', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Miss kobayashi''s - mini dragon 3', '13',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Miss kobayashi''s - mini dragon 3.png',  'Commemoration mini-anime series released on Kyoani YouTube Channel ahead of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon S.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid', '13',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid.png',  'As Kobayashi sets off for another day at work, she opens her apartment door only to be met by an unusually frightening sight-the head of a dragon, staring at her from across the balcony. The dragon immediately transforms into a cute, busty, and energetic young girl dressed in a maid outfit, introducing herself as Tooru. It turns out that the stoic programmer had come across the dragon the previous night on a drunken excursion to the mountains, and since the mythical beast had nowhere else to go, she had offered the creature a place to stay in her home. Thus, Tooru had arrived to cash in on the offer, ready to repay her savior''s kindness by working as her personal maidservant. Though deeply regretful of her words and hesitant to follow through on her promise, a mix of guilt and Tooru''s incredible dragon abilities convinces Kobayashi to take the girl in. Despite being extremely efficient at her job, the maid''s unorthodox methods of housekeeping often end up horrifying Kobayashi and at times bring more trouble than help. Furthermore, the circumstances behind the dragon''s arrival on Earth seem to be much more complicated than at first glance, as Tooru bears some heavy emotions and painful memories. To top it all off, Tooru''s presence ends up attracting several other mythical beings to her new home, bringing in a host of eccentric personalities. Although Kobayashi makes her best effort to handle the crazy situation that she has found herself in, nothing has prepared her for this new life with a dragon maid.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid s 4', '11',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid s 4.png',  'As Tooru continues on her quest to become the greatest maid and Kanna Kamui fully immerses in her life as an elementary school student, there is not a dull day in the Kobayashi household with mischief being a daily staple. On one such day, however, a massive landslide is spotted on the hill where Kobayashi and Tooru first met-a clear display of a dragon''s might. When none of the dragons they know claim responsibility, the perpetrator herself descends from the skies: Ilulu, the radical Chaos Dragon with monstrous power rivaling that of Tooru.Sickened by Tooru''s involvement with humans, Ilulu resorts to the typical dragon method of resolving conflict-a battle to the death. Despite such behavior, she becomes intrigued by Kobayashi''s ability to befriend dragons and decides instead to observe just what makes Kobayashi so special. With a new troublesome dragon in town, Kobayashi''s eccentric life with a dragon maid is only getting merrier.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid specials 2', '7',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Miss kobayashi''s dragon maid specials 2.png',  'Specials included with the BD/DVD release of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Mushoku tensei - jobless reincarnation', '11',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Mushoku tensei - jobless reincarnation.png',  'Despite being bullied, scorned, and oppressed all of his life, a thirty-four-year-old shut-in still found the resolve to attempt something heroic-only for it to end in a tragic accident. But in a twist of fate, he awakens in another world as Rudeus Greyrat, starting life again as a baby born to two loving parents.Preserving his memories and knowledge from his previous life, Rudeus quickly adapts to his new environment. With the mind of a grown adult, he starts to display magical talent that exceeds all expectations, honing his skill with the help of a mage named Roxy Migurdia. Rudeus learns swordplay from his father, Paul, and meets Sylphiette, a girl his age who quickly becomes his closest friend.As Rudeus'' second chance at life begins, he tries to make the most of his new opportunity while conquering his traumatic past. And perhaps, one day, he may find the one thing he could not find in his old world-love.',  '', '5', 'Watched', '11', ''),

('Nanana''s buried treasure', '11',  '2014',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Nanana''s buried treasure.png',  'Nanae Island is a man-made island in the Pacific Ocean that holds everything necessary for the proper education and training of children. It was created by the Great Seven, a group of adventurers headed by Nanana Ryuugajou, as a place for the young to chase their dreams. After being disowned and exiled by his family, high school student Juugo Yama arrives on this island, happy to finally be free of his father. Upon moving into his new room, he discovers the ghost of Nanana Ryuugajou, bound to the island after her unsolved murder 10 years ago. Nanana tells Juugo that, just before her death, she hid items with unique and mysterious powers all across the island-items known as the Nanana Collection. Hoping to uncover clues that will help him find the culprit behind her death, Juugo, with the help of self-proclaimed "Master Detective" Tensai Ikkyuu and her cross-dressing maid Daruku Hoshino, sets out on his search.',  'No', '3', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Ninkuu', '55',  '1995',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Ninkuu.png',  'In the war, a group of warriors called Ninku fought against the Imperial Army and almost annihilated it. But in the end, the Ninku lost and got shattered. After the war, the imperial army established themselves as the defender of the people with the help of propaganda. They also managed to get the people to think the Ninku were the villains and had started the war. Fusuke looks like a child but he is the former captain of the first Ninku division. His mother was taken during the war and after the Ninku were defeated, he goes on a journey to find her. On his journey he meets Aicho and Touji, both also former Ninku captains, and together they fight against the imperial army that tries to kill the last remaining Ninkus. The ninku is a clan of extinct ninjas who command esoteric and powerful techniques, hence a lot of other groups are constantly trying to steal their techniques to take over the country. Their primary target is Fusuke, a weird looking kid but one of the most powerful Ninku ninja. Fusuke, together with other Ninku ninja with different specialties must fight those threat that caused the downfall of the Ninku clan.',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Odd taxi', '13',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Odd taxi.png',  'In a city which should be familiar, there is the feeling of something a little different.Odokawa is a taxi driver who lives an ordinary life, taxing some quirky customers around. A slightly eccentric stranger who has no relatives nor any relations with other people, Odokawa''s hobby is to listen to Rakugo on the radio before going to bed. For the time being, the only people he can consider as friends are his family doctor Gouriki, and his high school classmate Kakihana.Kabasawa, a college student who wants a buzz, Shirakawa, a nurse who''s hiding something, comedian group Homo Sapiens, who isn''t selling well, the city hoodlum Dobu, and the rookie idol group Mystery Kiss-the conversations with these people, which should not have meant much, lead to a girl who disappeared.',  'No', '2', 'Watching', '', ''),

('One piece', '991',  '1999',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/One piece.png',  'Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece-which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame-and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King. Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy''s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes-One Piece.',  '', '5', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Peach boy riverside', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Peach boy riverside.png',  'Saltorine Aldike, or Sari, is a bright, cheerful princess who wants to go on an adventure because she is bored of her tiny little castle in the countryside. One day, a hoard of vicious demons known as "Oni" come knocking on her doorstep, threatening the lives of everyone in the Kingdom. Thankfully, they are saved by a lone traveler named Kibitsu Mikoto who slays these monsters with a mysterious "Peach Eye." Shocked by the dangers of the outside world, Sari decides to set off on a journey of her own. Little did she know that she would set in motion a chain of events that will come to determine the fate of this magical world.',  '', '5', 'Watching', '10', ''),

('Princess lover!', '12',  '2009',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Princess lover!.png',  'Following an automobile accident that claims the life of his parents, Teppei Arima is taken in by his grandfather and introduced to the world of the rich and the elite. Compared to his humble upbringing, Isshin Arima''s lavish lifestyle surprises and stuns the young teenager. In return for the gracious hospitality, Teppei is expected to continue the family business by replacing his grandfather as the head of Arima Financial Combine, and to prepare him for these responsibilities, he is enrolled into an esteemed high school. Along with his recently acquired celebrity status and affluence, Teppei is informed of an arranged marriage with the equally prosperous Sylvia van Hossen, thus, beginning the thrilling escapades of his new life!',  'No', '3', 'Watching', '10', ''),

('Prison school', '12',  '2015',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Prison school.png',  'Located on the outskirts of Tokyo, Hachimitsu Private Academy is a prestigious all-girls boarding school, famous for its high-quality education and disciplined students. However, this is all about to change due to the revision of the school''s most iconic policy, as boys are now able to enroll as well. At the start of the first semester under this new decree, a mere five boys have been accepted, effectively splitting the student body into a ratio of two hundred girls to one boy. Kiyoshi, Gakuto, Shingo, Andre, and Jo are quickly cast away without having a chance to make any kind of a first impression. Unable to communicate with their fellow female students, the eager boys set their sights on a far more dangerous task: peeping into the girls'' bath! It''s only after their plan is thoroughly decimated by the infamous Underground Student Council that the motley crew find their freedom abruptly taken from them, as they are thrown into the school''s prison with the sentence of an entire month as punishment. Thus begins the tale of the boys'' harsh lives in Prison School, a righteous struggle that will ultimately test the bonds of friendship and perverted brotherhood.',  'No', '', '', '', ''),

('Quanzhi fashi', '12',  '2016',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Quanzhi fashi.png',  'The aloof high schooler Mo Fan has found himself in a universe similar yet distinctly different from his own mundane one; it''s a place where magic has replaced the essence of science. Here, the most capable students are taught to master the wonders of spellworking to fend off large devastating beasts that lurk in the forests surrounding the city.Like his previous life, Mo Fan remains the son of a poor laborer and the older step-brother to a crippled sister. Despite these disadvantages, he dreams of attending a magic school to become a magician-a highly respected and lucrative trade-in order to repay his father for his hard work.Mo Fan is accepted into a renowned magic institution. However, rumors spread about his poverty and lack of magical ability, labeling him as the laughing stock of the school. Nonetheless, Mo Fan manages to harness not only the powerful fire element, but also the rare lightning element! Now armed with dual abilities, what dangerous encounters will the versatile mage face? less',  'Yes', '4', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Quanzhi fashi 2', '12',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Quanzhi fashi 2.png',  'After defeating Yu Ang at the cost of revealing his lightning element, Mo Fan has been granted seven days to train in the Underground Holy Spring, where it is said that one can greatly increase their power level. However, Mo Fan''s training is abruptly cut short when fierce monsters mysteriously appear all around Bo City, something which should be impossible given the city''s border defenses. An emergency is declared, and Mo Fan is tasked with delivering the Underground Holy Spring-now condensed into a small bottle-to a special refuge zone that is protected from the havoc in the city. The path there is long, dangerous, and riddled with bloodthirsty beasts. To worsen matters, the malicious Black Order threatens to halt his advance. How will Mo Fan stop the sacred spring from falling into the wrong hands?',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Quanzhi fashi 3', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Quanzhi fashi 3.png',  'Third season of Quanzhi Fashi.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Quanzhi fashi 4', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Quanzhi fashi 4.png',  'Fourth season of Quanzhi Fashi.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Quanzhi fashi 5', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Quanzhi fashi 5.png',  'Fifth season of Quanzhi Fashi.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('School babysitters', '12',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/School babysitters.png',  'After losing both parents in a fatal plane crash, teenager Ryuuichi Kashima must adjust to his new life as the guardian of his younger brother Kotarou. Although Ryuuichi is able to maintain a friendly and kindhearted demeanor, Kotarou is a reserved toddler still too young to understand the reality of the situation. At their parents'' funeral, they are approached by Youko Morinomiya, the stern chairman of an elite academy, who decides to take them under her care. However, there is one condition Ryuuichi must fulfill in exchange for a roof over their heads and enrolment in the school-he must become the school''s babysitter. In an effort to support the female teachers at the academy, a babysitter''s club was established to look after their infant children; unfortunately, the club is severely short-staffed, so now not only is Ryuuichi responsible for his little brother, but also a handful of toddlers who possess dynamic personalities.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Sword art online', '25',  '2012',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Sword art online.png',  'In the year 2022, virtual reality has progressed by leaps and bounds, and a massive online role-playing game called Sword Art Online (SAO) is launched. With the aid of "NerveGear" technology, players can control their avatars within the game using nothing but their own thoughts. Kazuto Kirigaya, nicknamed "Kirito," is among the lucky few enthusiasts who get their hands on the first shipment of the game. He logs in to find himself, with ten-thousand others, in the scenic and elaborate world of Aincrad, one full of fantastic medieval weapons and gruesome monsters. However, in a cruel turn of events, the players soon realize they cannot log out; the game''s creator has trapped them in his new world until they complete all one hundred levels of the game. In order to escape Aincrad, Kirito will now have to interact and cooperate with his fellow players. Some are allies, while others are foes, like Asuna Yuuki, who commands the leading group attempting to escape from the ruthless game. To make matters worse, Sword Art Online is not all fun and games: if they die in Aincrad, they die in real life. Kirito must adapt to his new reality, fight for his survival, and hopefully break free from his virtual hell.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '25', ''),

('Sword art online - alicization', '24',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Sword art online - alicization.png',  'The Soul Translator is a state-of-the-art full-dive interface which interacts with the user''s Fluctlight-the technological equivalent of a human soul-and fundamentally differs from the orthodox method of sending signals to the brain. The private institute Rath aims to perfect their creation by enlisting the aid of Sword Art Online survivor Kazuto Kirigaya. He works there as a part-time employee to test the system''s capabilities in the Underworld: the fantastical realm generated by the Soul Translator. As per the confidentiality contract, any memories created by the machine in the virtual world are wiped upon returning to the real world. Kazuto can only vaguely recall a single name, Alice, which provokes a sense of unease when mentioned in reality.When Kazuto escorts Asuna Yuuki home one evening, they chance upon a familiar foe. Kazuto is mortally wounded in the ensuing fight and loses consciousness. When he comes to, he discovers that he has made a full-dive into the Underworld with seemingly no way to escape. He sets off on a quest, seeking a way back to the physical world once again.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Sword art online - alicization - war of underworld', '12',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Sword art online - alicization - war of underworld.png',  'Despite the defeat of Quinella-the pontifex of the Axiom Church-things have not seemed to calm down yet. Upon contacting the real world, Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya finds out that the Ocean Turtle-a mega-float controlled by Rath-was raided. Due to a sudden short-circuit caused by the raiders, Kirito''s fluctlight is damaged, leaving him comatose. Feeling insecure about the people at the Axiom Church, Alice brings the unconscious Kirito back to their hometown-Rulid Village, disregarding her banishment due to an unabsolved crime. Now, Alice is living an ordinary and peaceful life close by the village, wishing for Kirito to wake up.However, tragedy strikes when Alice notices that the Dark Territory has already started to invade the Human Empire. Reassuming her previous alias, Alice Synthesis Thirty, she promises to defeat the Dark Territory in order to defend the world that Kirito and Eugeo worked so hard to protect.',  'Yes', '3', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Sword art online - alicization - war of underworld part 2', '11',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Sword art online - alicization - war of underworld part 2.png',  'The final battle against the Dark Territory drags on, as players from all over the world flood the Underworld''s servers and plunge the Human Empire into utter chaos. Asuna Yuuki and her friends defend their new allies with everything they have, but their numbers are falling. Meanwhile, Alice Zuberg heads toward the World''s End Altar while Gabriel "Vecta" Miller relentlessly pursues her.Meanwhile, members of Rath strategize a plan in an attempt to restore Kirito''s damaged fluctlight. However, the intruders occupying the main control room have other plans. Surrounded by death and despair, when all hope seems to be lost, one voice reaches out to Kirito-a familiar one saying, "I will always be by your side."Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld 2nd Season is the epic conclusion to Akihiko Kayaba''s dream of creating artificial human intelligence. Now it is up to Kirito and his friends to protect this collapsing world from the people that still think it is just a game.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Sword art online 2', '24',  '2014',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Sword art online 2.png',  'A year after escaping Sword Art Online, Kazuto Kirigaya has been settling back into the real world. However, his peace is short-lived as a new incident occurs in a game called Gun Gale Online, where a player by the name of Death Gun appears to be killing people in the real world by shooting them in-game. Approached by officials to assist in investigating the murders, Kazuto assumes his persona of Kirito once again and logs into Gun Gale Online, intent on stopping the killer. Once inside, Kirito meets Sinon, a highly skilled sniper afflicted by a traumatic past. She is soon dragged in his chase after Death Gun, and together they enter the Bullet of Bullets, a tournament where their target is sure to appear. Uncertain of Death Gun''s real powers, Kirito and Sinon race to stop him before he has the chance to claim another life. Not everything goes smoothly, however, as scars from the past impede their progress. In a high-stakes game where the next victim could easily be one of them, Kirito puts his life on the line in the virtual world once more.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('Taiso samurai', '11',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Taiso samurai.png',  'Year 2002. Japan''s gymnastics world was once strong. Former Japanese representative Shoutarou Aragaki (29), who devoted his time to gymnastics, was unable to perform as expected. Even so, after training on a daily basis, his coach Amakusa recommends Shoutarou to retire. However, the fate of the Aragaki family will change significantly due to a certain "encounter."',  'No', '2', 'Watching', '', ''),

('That time i got reincarnated as a slime', '24',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/That time i got reincarnated as a slime.png',  'Thirty-seven-year-old Satoru Mikami is a typical corporate worker, who is perfectly content with his monotonous lifestyle in Tokyo, other than failing to nail down a girlfriend even once throughout his life. In the midst of a casual encounter with his colleague, he falls victim to a random assailant on the streets and is stabbed. However, while succumbing to his injuries, a peculiar voice echoes in his mind, and recites a bunch of commands which the dying man cannot make sense of. When Satoru regains consciousness, he discovers that he has reincarnated as a goop of slime in an unfamiliar realm. In doing so, he acquires newfound skills-notably, the power to devour anything and mimic its appearance and abilities. He then stumbles upon the sealed Catastrophe-level monster "Storm Dragon" Veldora who had been sealed away for the past 300 years for devastating a town to ashes. Sympathetic to his predicament, Satoru befriends him, promising to assist in destroying the seal. In return, Veldora bestows upon him the name Rimuru Tempest to grant him divine protection. Now, liberated from the mundanities of his past life, Rimuru embarks on a fresh journey with a distinct goal in mind. As he grows accustomed to his new physique, his gooey antics ripple throughout the world, gradually altering his fate.',  'Yes', '5', 'Watched', '24', ''),

('That time i got reincarnated as a slime season 2', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/That time i got reincarnated as a slime season 2.png',  'Second season of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watching', '', ''),

('That time i got reincarnated as a slime season 2 part 2', '11',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/That time i got reincarnated as a slime season 2 part 2.png',  'Second half of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken 2nd Season.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('The 8th son. are you kidding me', '12',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The 8th son. are you kidding me.png',  'Waking up in a new world, 25-year-old Shingo Ichinomiya realizes that he is in the body of a six-year-old. Retaining memories of his stressful life working at a firm company, Shingo learns that the person he is occupying is Wendelin Von Benno Baumeister, the eighth son of a poor noble family living in the countryside. Awoken to his bizarre situation, Wendelin strives to change his financial and social status for the better. His newly discovered great magical aptitude may prove to be just what he needs to achieve that goal.',  '', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('The dungeon of black company', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The dungeon of black company.png',  'Kinji, who lacks any kind of work ethic, is a layabout in his modern life. One day, he finds himself transported to another world-but not in a grand fantasy of a hero welcomed with open arms. He''s immediately shoved into a terrible job! Now enslaved by an evil mining company in a fantasy world, Kinji''s about to really learn the meaning of hard work!',  '', '3', 'Watching', '', ''),

('The god of high school', '13',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The god of high school.png',  'The "God of High School" tournament has begun, seeking out the greatest fighter among Korean high school students! All martial arts styles, weapons, means, and methods of attaining victory are permitted. The prize? One wish for anything desired by the winner.Taekwondo expert Jin Mo-Ri is invited to participate in the competition. There he befriends karate specialist Han Dae-Wi and swordswoman Yu Mi-Ra, who both have entered for their own personal reasons. Mo-Ri knows that no opponent will be the same and that the matches will be the most ruthless he has ever fought in his life. But instead of being worried, this prospect excites him beyond belief.A secret lies beneath the facade of a transparent test of combat prowess the tournament claims to be-one that has Korean political candidate Park Mu-Jin watching every fight with expectant, hungry eyes. Mo-Ri, Dae-Wi, and Mi-Ra are about to discover what it really means to become the God of High School.',  '', '', '', '', ''),

('The hidden dungeon only i can enter', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The hidden dungeon only i can enter.png',  'Despite his noble title, Noir Starga is at the bottom of the social hierarchy. Because of this, his fellow nobles oppress him and treat him like garbage. However, he possesses a rare yet powerful ability to communicate with the Great Sage, an oracle who grants Noir the answer to absolutely anything.After failing to secure a job as a librarian, Noir decides to join the Hero Academy. He knows he must become stronger to enter the institution. The Great Sage advises him to explore a hidden dungeon deep within the mountains. There, Noir meets Olivia Servant, a beautiful yet enchained maiden trapped within the labyrinth. Olivia bestows upon Noir a set of ridiculously powerful skills that grants him virtually total control over reality. Naturally, there is a catch-every time Noir attempts to use his powers, his life points decrease, putting his life at risk. To replenish his energy, he must give in to worldly pleasures such as kissing his childhood friend!With his newfound powers, Noir begins his journey as a student in the Hero Academy, meeting new acquaintances and helping them through the dire situations ahead.',  'No', '2', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('The honor at magic high school', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The honor at magic high school.png',  'A century has passed since magic-true magic, the stuff of legends-has returned to the world. It is spring, the season of new beginnings, and a new class of students is about to begin their studies at the First National Magic University Affiliated High School, nickname: First High.A manga spin-off of the immensely popular light novel series Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei (The Irregular at Magic High School), Mahouka Koukou no Yuutousei (The Honor Student at Magic High School) follows the events of the original series as seen through the eyes of Miyuki Shiba, Tatsuya''s sister. The life of an honor student comes with a lot of expectations...and unexpected hidden feelings?!',  '', '', '', '', ''),

('The idaten deities know only peace', '11',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/The idaten deities know only peace.png',  'Eight hundred years ago, terrifying demons threatened mankind''s existence. On the brink of extinction, humans prayed to their gods, calling out for someone to save them. Emerging from these desperate pleas for salvation, battle deities known as the "Idaten" were born. Possessing unnatural strength and endurance, the Idaten managed to defeat the demons and an era of unprecedented peace was finally ushered in.Having never encountered demons before, the present generation of Idaten knows nothing of the demon''s brutality, but they have instead only lived a peaceful existence. Training under Rin, the only remaining Idaten from 800 years ago, the new Idaten find ways to survive in a time where they have seemingly outlived their usefulness. However, when the tyrannical Zoble Empire resurrects a demon, the misfit crop of gods are called to the battlefield against their natural enemy once more.',  '', '2', 'Watching', '9', '16/09/2021 21:32:19'),

('The irregular at magic high school', '26',  '2014',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The irregular at magic high school.png',  'In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores: "Blooms," those who receive high scores, are assigned to the First Course, while "Weeds" are reserve students assigned to the Second Course.Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei follows the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, who are enrolled in First High School. Upon taking the exam, the prodigious Miyuki is placed in the First Course, while Tatsuya is relegated to the Second Course. Though his practical test scores and status as a "Weed" show him to be magically inept, he possesses extraordinary technical knowledge, physical combat capabilities, and unique magic techniques-making Tatsuya the irregular at a magical high school.',  'Yes', '', '', '', ''),

('The irregular at magic high school - visitor arc 2', '13',  '2020',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The irregular at magic high school - visitor arc 2.png',  'Shiba Miyuki''s classmate Kitayama Shizuku is on her way to study abroad. For magicians, this is normally impossible, since allowing the genes of someone who can use magic outside their home country''s borders is tantamount to giving up national secrets. But it''s allowed to happen in one case-exchange programs. And that''s how Angelina Kudou Shields has arrived in Japan from the USNA to study at First High.Around the time Lina arrived in Japan magicians began getting attacked by a mysterious being who leaves his victims drained of blood. Will Tatsuya be able to discover the identity of the "Vampire"?',  '', '', '', '', ''),

('The silver guardian', '12',  '2017',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The silver guardian.png',  'High school student and gamer Suigin Riku attends the prestigious Shinryou Private Academy, a school for the elite and the children of the wealthy. But rich or wealthy are not words that describe Suigin; in fact, he is dirt poor and must work many part time jobs to pay for his tuition. During one such job, he dives into a pool to save his pet cat, fully aware that he cannot swim. Luckily, he is saved by Rei Riku, the beautiful and popular daughter of a game developer, and he falls in love with her. He is also drawn to another girl: a new friend he meets in Dungeon Century, his favorite online RPG. But when the game is scheduled to shut down, he knows his adventures with her will soon end. However, the day after the game is shut down, he finds out that Rei and the online girl are one and the same. Soon after, Rei gives Suigin a new game meant to replace Dungeon Century-a tomb raiding game called Grave Buster. But when Rei is suddenly kidnapped, Suigin is pulled inside Grave Buster to save her. Gin no Guardian follows Suigin as he plays through Grave Buster to save Rei, while uncovering the secrets hidden within the game.',  'Yes', '4', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('The silver guardian 2', '6',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The silver guardian 2.png',  'At Shinryou Private Academy-an expensive school for wealthy students-one would never expect to find the poverty-stricken Suigin Riku. When he is not working on one of his many part-time jobs to pay his tuition, he can often be found playing the RPG game Dungeon Century, where he has cultivated a relationship with an online friend. However, when Dungeon Century shuts down, he finds out that his crush, the kind-hearted Rei Riku, and his online friend are the same person. But in the aftermath of this revelation, Rei gets kidnapped and taken into Grave Buster, which is a new online game from the creators of Dungeon Century, forcing Suigin to enter the harsh new world of a pay-to-win game in order to save her. Gin no Guardian 2nd Season continues Suigin''s quest to rescue Rei, while attempting to solve the mysteries of this strange game.',  'No', '3', 'Watching', '4', ''),

('The slime diaries - that time i got reincarnated as a slime', '12',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The slime diaries - that time i got reincarnated as a slime.png',  '"Dear diary... I got reincarnated as a slime."Even in another world, lives aren''t always on the line. There''s plenty of work to be done, from feeding the community and forging the items the community needs; as well as plenty of play ...and hijinks throughout! Join Rimuru and friends as they kick back and enjoy their daily lives.',  'Yes', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('The way of the househusband', '5',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The way of the househusband.png',  '"Immortal Tatsu," the legendary yakuza who single-handedly defeated a rival gang with a lead pipe, is a name known to strike fear in both hardened police officers and vicious criminals. Soon after his sudden disappearance, he resurfaces with a slight change in profession. Now equipped with an apron, Tatsu has given up violence and is trying to make an honest living as a house husband.While adapting to mundane household tasks, Tatsu finds that being a house husband has its own challenges, from the battlefield known as supermarket sales to failures in the kitchen. Despite living peacefully, misunderstandings seem to follow him left and right. Gokushufudou follows the daily life of the comically serious ex-yakuza as he leaves behind his dangerous previous life to become a stay-at-home husband.',  '', '5', 'Watched', '', ''),

('The world is still beautiful', '12',  '214',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/The world is still beautiful.png',  'In the Sun Kingdom, sunshine is part of its citizens'' everyday lives, and rain is something that they have never even heard of. However, in a faraway land called the Rain Dukedom, the weather is reversed, and everybody has the power to create rain with their voices. Livius Ifrikia has conquered the entire world and expanded the Sun Kingdom''s influence in the three short years since he was crowned king. Upon learning about the powers to create rain, Livius decides to marry Nike Remercier, one of the princesses of the Rain Dukedom. However, those outside the Sun Kingdom have spread a rumor that Livius is a cruel, ruthless, and tyrannical ruler, and as word reaches the princess, she begins to prepare herself for the worst. But when she finally meets her fiancé, Nike discovers that he is an entirely different person from what she originally expected.',  'No', '3', 'Watching', '', ''),

('To your eternity', '20',  '2021',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/To your eternity.png',  'An Orb, known only as It, is cast to Earth to be observed from afar. Capable of changing forms from beings whose reflections It captures, It first becomes a rock and then, due to the rising temperature, moss.It is inept of movement until one snowy day, a wolf at death''s door barely crosses by. When It takes the animal''s form, It attains awareness of its consciousness and starts to wander with an unclear destination in mind. Soon, It comes across the wolf''s master-a young boy waiting for his tribe to return from a paradise abundant with fish and fruit in the south. Although the boy is lonely, he still hopes those whom he holds dear in his memories have not forgotten him and that he will reunite with them one day.The boy wants to explore new surroundings and decides to abandon his home with It to find the paradise using the traces his tribe left behind. However, with a heavily injured body and no sight of his elder comrades, what will become of the boy?Fumetsu no Anata e illustrates the story of an immortal being experiencing humanity, meeting all types of people in many places throughout time.',  '', '5', 'Watched', '20', ''),

('Tokyo revengers', '24',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Tokyo revengers.png',  'Takemichi Hanagaki''s second year of middle school was the highest point in his life. He had respect, a gang of friends he could count on, and even a girlfriend. But that was twelve years ago. Today, he''s a nobody: a washed-up nonentity made fun of by children and always forced to apologize to his younger boss. A sudden news report on the Tokyo Manji Gang''s cruel murder of the only girlfriend he ever had alongside her brother only adds insult to injury. Half a second before a train ends his pitiful life for good, Takemichi flashes back to that same day twelve years ago, when he was still dating Hinata Tachibana.After being forced to relive the very same day that began his downward spiral, Takemichi meets Hinata''s younger brother. Without thinking, he admits to his seeming death before flashing back to the past. Takemichi urges him to protect his sister before inexplicably returning to the future. Miraculously, he isn''t dead. Stranger still, the future has changed. It seems as though Takemichi can alter the flow of time. Given the chance to prevent his ex-girlfriend''s tragic death at the hands of the Tokyo Manji Gang, Takemichi decides to fly through time to change the course of the future.',  '', '5', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Toriko', '147',  '2011',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Toriko.png',  'Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration-the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients. Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu-a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel-Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn''t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!',  'No', '4', 'Watching', '', ''),

('Tower of god', '13',  '20202',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Tower of god.png',  'There is a tower that summons chosen people called "Regulars" with the promise of granting their deepest desires. Whether it be wealth, fame, authority, or something that surpasses them all-everything awaits those who reach the top. Twenty-Fifth Bam is a boy who had only known a dark cave, a dirty cloth, and an unreachable light his entire life. So when a girl named Rachel came to him through the light, his entire world changed. Becoming close friends with Rachel, he learned various things about the outside world from her. But when Rachel says she must leave him to climb the Tower, his world shatters around him. Vowing to follow after her no matter what it takes, he sets his sight on the tower, and a miracle occurs. Thus begins the journey of Bam, a young boy who was not chosen by the Tower but opened its gates by himself. They call his kind "Irregulars"-beings that have shaken the very foundation of the Tower each time they set foot inside it.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Tsukimichi - moonlit fantasy', '12',  '2021',  'Ongoing',  '0',  '/Animes/Tsukimichi - moonlit fantasy.png',  'The fantasy centers around Makoto Misumi, an ordinary high school boy summoned to an alternate world as a brave warrior. Unfortunately, the goddess of the world said with disdain, "Your face is ugly," stripped him of his title, and banished him to the outermost fringes of the wilderness.While wandering the wilderness, Makoto encountered dragons, spiders, orcs, dwarves, and all sorts of other non-human species. Due to differences in the environment from his home world, Makoto now exhibits extraordinary powers in magic and combat. Thus, he survives in this world while dealing with various encounters. The curtain rises on the alternate-world social reform fantasy of a boy forsaken by gods and humans.',  '', '5', 'Watching', '11', '18/09/2021 16:21:55'),

('We never learn - bokuben', '13',  '2019',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/We never learn - bokuben.png',  'Nariyuki Yuiga, an impoverished third-year high school student, works tirelessly to receive the VIP nomination, a scholarship that would cover all of his college tuition fees. In recognition of his hard work, the headmaster awards him the renowned scholarship. However, this scholarship is given under one condition: he must tutor the school''s geniuses in their weakest subjects! Joining his new brigade of pupils are the math maestro Rizu Ogata, who wants to study humanities; the literature legend Fumino Furuhashi, who wants to study science; and Yuiga''s sports-savvy childhood friend, Uruka Takemoto, who is hopeless at everything else. Bokutachi wa Benkyou ga Dekinai follows Yuiga as he tries to teach his three eccentric tutees in a series of strange and comedic antics. But as Ogata''s and Furuhashi''s ambitions conflict with their talents, will Yuiga be able to help his students achieve their dreams?',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Witch craft works', '12',  '2014',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Witch craft works.png',  'Honoka Takamiya was perfectly happy with his completely average and normal life. His primary problem in life was the fact that he shared a school with the school''s "Princess," Ayaka Kagari. Both girls and boys fawn over her which makes Honoka''s life difficult since he rides the same bus as her in the morning and sits next to her in class. What''s worse is that if he even idly interacts with her, her fan club takes him out back and beats him up! One day while taking out the trash he looks up to see a school building falling on top of him! He is saved at the very last moment by the very same beautiful girl, Ayaka, that he''s never even had a full conversation with. She finally speaks to him, revealing that she''s been protecting him in secret, but now that someone is attacking him directly she no longer needs to do it covertly. It turns out that Ayaka is a fire witch and there are other witches in the world who want to capture Honoka and use him for the power that he possesses inside of him.',  'No', '3', 'Watched', '12', ''),

('Wolf''s rain', '26',  '2003',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Wolf''s rain.png',  'In a dying world, there exists an ancient legend: when the world ends, the gateway to paradise will be opened. This utopia is the sole salvation for the remnants of life in this barren land, but the legend also dictates that only wolves can find their way to this mythical realm. Though long thought to be extinct, wolves still exist and live amongst humans, disguising themselves through elaborate illusions. A lone wolf named Kiba finds himself drawn by an intoxicating scent to Freeze City, an impoverished town under the rule of the callous Lord Orkham. Here, Kiba discovers that wolves Hige, Tsume, and Toboe have been drawn in by the same aroma. By following the fragrance of "Lunar Flowers," said to be the key to opening the door to their ideal world, the wolves set off on a journey across desolate landscapes and crumbling cities to find their legendary promised land. However, they are not the only ones seeking paradise, and those with more sinister intentions will do anything in their power to reach it first. less',  'No', '', 'To Watch', '', ''),

('Wotakoi - love is hard for otaku', '11',  '2018',  'Completed',  '0',  '/Animes/Wotakoi - love is hard for otaku.png',  'Having slept through all four of her alarms, the energetic Narumi Momose finds herself running late for her first day of work at a new office. As she races to catch her train, she makes a promise to herself that none of her coworkers will find out about her dark secret: that she is an otaku and a fujoshi. Her plan goes instantly awry, though, when she runs into Hirotaka Nifuji, an old friend from middle school. Although she tries to keep her secret by inviting him out for drinks after work, her cover is blown when he casually asks her whether or not she will be attending the upcoming Summer Comiket. Luckily for her, the only witnesses-Hanako Koyanagi and Tarou Kabakura-are otaku as well. Later that night, the pair go out for drinks so that they can catch up after all the years apart. After Narumi complains about her previous boyfriend breaking up with her because he refused to date a fujoshi, Hirotaka suggests that she try dating a fellow otaku, specifically himself. He makes a solemn promise to always be there for her, to support her, and to help her farm for rare drops in Monster Hunter. Blown away by the proposal, Narumi agrees immediately. Thus the two otaku start dating, and their adorably awkward romance begins.',  '', '', 'To Watch', '', '');
```

